Basically the exact same movie as House of  Vincent Prices first 
 hit released the  year but    because The
Mad Magician offers just as many sheer thrills delightful period 
joyous  effects sublime  performances and macabre  
as  predecessor! Never change a winning team is exactly what  
Wilbur must have thought when he  down Prices character Don Gallico
another tormented  besieged by  and out for vengeance  those
 wronged him. Don Gallico is aadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaadddaaddd about  perform his very first 
illusionist  as Gallico the Great and plans   the greatest magic
trick in   The Girl and the Buzz . Gallicos promising
 career is abruptly ruined before it even  when his 
employer Ross Ormond  on stage and shoves a contract under his nose
stating that all of Gallicos inventions are the rightful property of the
company. The sleazy and relentless Ormond  by the  also ransacked
Gallicos once beloved wife takes off with the buzz saw trick and programs
it in the  of Gallicos rival The Great .
Inevitably Gallico snaps and sadistically butchers Ormond but also
being a master of creating disguises recreates his victims image and
even  leading a  . The Mad Magician is an amusing and
thoroughly  50s  movie in Grand Guignol  with a
whole  of improbably  twists  the landlady turns out a brilliant
crime novelist?  and a handful of fantastically grotesque grossout moments
 they   suggestive for  part . The  
near the beginning of the film like a yoyo player and a goofy trick with
water fountains merely just serve as timefiller and contemporary 50s hype
but  still fun  watch even  and without the means   behold
them. The Mad Magician is also interesting from a periodical setting point
of view as the events take place around the time fingerprints were starting
 get used as evidence material and the character of Alice  is an
obvious reference towards famous crime authors of that era.   state
that Vincent Price remains the absolute    of triumph
in this film as well as from nearly every other  movie this legendary
man ever starred in. Like no other actor could ever accomplish Price
 the tormented protagonist   descends further and further
into mental  in such an  mesmerizing . You pity Don
Gallico  at the same time you  him . You support his vile
acts of retaliation and  simultaneously you  his murderous rampage
must end in death. Vincent Price  was a genius actor and in 
 opinion the embodiment of the  genre.